In the last lecture we edit this camera a native feature and we were able to take a photo it should
have worked on your device too.
And we're storing it in some temporary part that's OK for now.
But I want to use this image and now actually display it on my ADD place page and also store it in.
Well my place object which we haven't read that at all.
We finally want to finish our ad place method here.
At least the basic words of it.
So let's display it on the air.
Place template here.
We already have an image element where I try to bind source and try to enter some part of your time
to use a real payoff.
And I will wind to image your property which doesn't exist yet but which I will now implement.
So here in the at place types could file or add a new property at the top image bureau and it should
be empty or else empty string at the beginning because at the beginning I don't have any image with
this I can now go down to the on take photo method and here I know that they will have the image right.
So we can use this image.
We can simply try setting this image Eurail equal to image data which we saw is the payoff to our image.
So by doing this we should already see the image on our form here when we take one and saved as.
So let's try this out.
Let's save this and I'm going just going to run ionic run iOS device since I did run it in X code once
and signed the app for development.
So I'm going to run this to rerun my app and reopen it on my device and I'm going to mirror the screen
for you since we should see a result.
Now this is the app running on my device.
Let's now go here and click on Open camera now and go.
I'm going to take a picture here this one and click on use photo because I want to use that photo.
And indeed here we can see the image which just took off the screen of my screen of my desktop screen
here.
So this is now getting added your tipoff get saved as you can see.
We took a huge step forward.
Now let's hook up this whole forum this whole page so that it can actually create a new place save it
and then display it here on our list of our places where we don't have any list as of now.
Let's do this in the next lecture